a lifetime has passed since the horrific
events of Taco Tuesday once everything
was awesome now everything is okay Lucy
I brought you coffee coffee the bitter
liquid that provides the only semblance
of pleasure left in these dark times oh
my gosh Ness did I interrupt you
brooding just now our lives send it into
chaos this new life has toughened and
hardened
two copies please one black one with
just a touch of cream in 25 sugars
well toughened most of us I wake up in
the morning morning good morning sewer
babies and it you've gotta stop
pretending everything is awesome
it isn't yeah I get it and that's why
I've cultivated a totally hard-edged
side that's super tough and we have to
be tough and battle-ready
Oh
what is it up to that beat is pretty
fresh
[Music]
it's like it knows our every move weird
right what
hurry the door is slowly closing
oh hey it's Jane so cold
see that wasn't so bad nothing got in
[Music]
this guy is special this guy was a
fierce warrior
okay well technically I did the warrior
stuff so you fought and masterbuilt and
hit but and then the hapless male was
the leader here well
[Applause]
we're going the other trainer I don't
get it will help me rescue my friends go
anywhere near the sistar system it's
ruled by an alien point only the
toughest you're gonna get out of there
alive i'm mcqueen whatever I would not
be I'm getting super evil vibes here I
could change my form to something else
if this makes you uncomfortable
hey guys they'll go back
don't worry was much more palatable
[Music]
did you draw double dots on your face
who are you I'm your worst nightmare Oh
me when I'm late to school and I forgot
my homework and my pants are made of
pudding no I don't hold the star system
do not give her the satisfaction of
wooing this
[Music]